Update airbyte.mdx (#1350)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: src/content/doc-integrations/data-management/airbyte.mdx

## Related links

- [Airbyte destination documentation](https://github.com/surrealdb/airbyte-connector)

> - [Connect to airbyte via a dev container](https://surrealdb.com/docs/integrations/data-management/airbyte)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Connect to airbyte via a dev container](https://github.com/surrealdb/airbyte-connector/blob/main/devcontainer.md)
```
